refactor (#330)
KxSystems/docs: docs/ref/dotq.md

```

## `bvi` (build incremental vp)

> Same functionality as [`.Q.bv`](#bv-build-vp), but scans only new partitions loaded in the hdb since the last time `.Q.bv` or `.Q.bvi` was run. Since v4.1 2024.09.13.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It offers the same functionality as [`.Q.bv`](#bv-build-vp), but scans only new partitions loaded in the hdb since the last time `.Q.bv` or `.Q.bvi` was run. Since v4.1 2024.09.13.
```

IBM  N  IBM.N
```

[](){#def-parse-options}
## `def` (command defaults)

_Default values and type checks for command-line arguments parsed with [`.Q.opt`](#opt-command-parameters)_

```syntax
.Q.def[x;y]
```

Where `x` is a dictionary of default parameter names and values, and `y` is the output of `.Q.opt`.

Types are inferred from the default values provided, which must be an atom type.

```bash
$ q -abc 123 -xyz 321
```
```q
q).Q.def[`abc`xyz`efg!(1;2.;`a)].Q.opt .z.x
abc| 123
xyz| 321f
efg| `a
```

> If a command-line value cannot be [converted to the data type](tok.md) of the default value, a [null](../basics/datatypes.md) will be produced

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a command-line value cannot be [converted to the data type](tok.md) of the default value, a [null](../basics/datatypes.md) is produced
```

.Q.PV
```

In partitioned DBs, returns a list of partition values – conformant to [`.Q.PD`](#pd-partition-locations) – which represents the partition value for each partition.

> (In a date-partitioned DB, unless the date has been modified by [`.Q.view`](#view-subview), this will be simply date.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(In a date-partitioned DB, unless the date has been modified by [`.Q.view`](#view-subview), this is simply date.)
```
